	Battle Bond Greninja: NED. only obtainable from an event. can't be hatched and can't be used to teach anyone else a move. no interest to us.

when we're cloning moves to evolutions, if the lower form does not have a specific form, then it can clone to all evolved forms (eg pikachu can clone to both kantonian and alolan raichu)
hisuian forms are the same way, but they are not transferable from PLA back to any relevant gen 8 game, so we start noting them in gen 9.
A Raichu: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
A Exeggutor: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
A Marowak: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
G Weezing: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
G Stunfisk: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Typhlosion: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Samurott: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Lilligant: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Braviary: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Avalugg: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
H Decidueye: regional form with different learnset. pre-evo is single-form.
P Tauros: 3 regional forms with different learnsets. pre-evo is single-form.
Lycanroc: 3 forms with different learnsets. rockruff technically has 2 forms but they're the same as far as we care.
Wormadam: 3 forms with different learnsets. burmy's forms have no impact on learnset.
Toxtricity: lowkey and amped forms with different learnsets. pre-evo is single-form.

for pokemon with a form, they must clone their moves only to their associated evolved form (eg unovan darumaka shouldn't clone moves to galarian darmanitan)

evolution data for these pokemon should be updated to be like this:
EvoOffset: offset in MonData to get info of evolved species
EvoForm: evolved species form name
RequiredForm: form a pokemon must be to evolve into this form of the species

Darumaka and Darmanitan: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Rattata and Raticate: regional form with different learnset. evolves. (learnsets are the same in gen 9 only)
Sandshrew and Sandslash: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Vulpix and Ninetales: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Diglett and Dugtrio: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Meowth, Persian, Perrserker: regional forms with different learnset. evolves.
Growlithe and Arcanine: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Geodude, Graveler, Golem: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Ponyta and Rapidash: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Slowpoke, Slowbro, Slowking: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Farfetch'd and Sirfetch'd: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Grimer and Muk: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Voltorb and Electrode: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Mr. Mime and Mr. Rime: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Zorua and Zoroark: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Sliggoo and Goodra: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Zigzagoon and Linoone: regional form with different learnset. evolves.
Basculin and Basculegion: only white form evolves into basculegion. NOT a regional form.
Meowth and Perrserker: only galarian meowth evolves into perrserker.
Wooper and Clodsire: only paldean wooper evolves into clodsire.
Qwilfish and Overqwil: only hisuian qwilfish evolves into overqwil.
Corsola and Cursola: only galarian corsola evolves into cursola.
Yamask and Runerigus: only galarian yamask evolves into runerigus.
Sneasel: only johtonian sneasel evolves into weavile, and only hisuian sneasel evolves into sneasler.
Linoone and Obstagoon: only galarian linoone evolves into obstagoon.

	these forms require a marker of some sort to note their gender (to not cause problems like bloodmoon ursaluna being considered a mother in ValidateMatchup)
Bloodmoon Ursaluna: form will always be male. notable that it's impossible to normally get a pokemon into this form, but all this means is we don't specify it in teddiursa's evolution data
Oinkologne: male and female forms with different learnsets.
Indeedee: male and female forms with different learnsets.
Meowstic: male and female forms with different learnsets.

	need a form data structure with name, gender ratio.

LearnMonInfo will keep a list of all of the species forms, with the one in index 0 being used as a default whenever bulba pages aren't being specific enough. and an offset in MonData to the species base form

exclude form option

target form option

update form acquisition during parsing

regional form rules:
1. earlier evo stages of a pokemon with a regional form will evolve into the form associated with the region they were in when the evolution conditions were met.
2. form is determined by the region the egg is hatched in by default. regional form can be overrode by having a parent from the child's evolutionary line hold an everstone. this will force the child to copy the parent's form.